src/content/apps/mindful.mdx, before:

---
title: Mindful
description: >
    Mindful is a private, open-source, and fully offline Android app
    that helps you reduce screen time, block distractions like reels and adult
    content, and build intentional phone habits—without ads, trackers, or data
    collection.
authors:
    - slug: pawan-nagar
      type: person
type: app
devices:
    - mobile
source: openSource
paid: false
offline: true
category: productivity
tags:
    - screen-time
    - focus
    - digital-detox
website: https://bemindful.vercel.app
youtubeVideoLinks:
    - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KLh8kpdeJfU
youtubeShortsLinks:
    - https://www.youtube.com/shorts/DWy-_N-OqIs
    - https://www.youtube.com/shorts/o2MiurT0sD8
externalLinks:
    - label: Awesome Bharat
      url: https://awesomebharat.com/
repositoryLinks:
    - label: Github
      url: https://github.com/akaMrNagar/Mindful
storeLinks:
    - label: Play Store
      url: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mindful.android
    - label: Github
      url: https://github.com/akamrnagar/mindful/releases/latest
socials:
    - label: Telegram
      url: https://t.me/fossmindful
    - label: Instagram
      url: https://www.instagram.com/lasthopedevelopers
---

Commit message:

Fix css and make it look more professional

src/content/apps/mindful.mdx, after:

---
title: Mindful- but a long name which is this long
description: >
    Mindful is a private, open-source, and fully offline Android app
    that helps you reduce screen time, block distractions like reels and adult
    content, and build intentional phone habits—without ads, trackers, or data
    collection.
authors:
    - slug: pawan-nagar
      type: person
type: app
devices:
    - mobile
source: openSource
paid: false
offline: true
category: booksAndReference
tags:
    - tag-which-is-quite-long-isnt-it
    - screen-time
    - focus
    - digital-detox
    - another-tag
    - one-more-tagg
    - so-many-tags
    - tags-everywhere
website: https://bemindful.vercel.app
youtubeVideoLinks:
    - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KLh8kpdeJfU
youtubeShortsLinks:
    - https://www.youtube.com/shorts/DWy-_N-OqIs
    - https://www.youtube.com/shorts/o2MiurT0sD8
externalLinks:
    - label: Awesome Bharat
      url: https://awesomebharat.com/
repositoryLinks:
    - label: Github
      url: https://github.com/akaMrNagar/Mindful
storeLinks:
    - label: Play Store
      url: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mindful.android
    - label: Github
      url: https://github.com/akamrnagar/mindful/releases/latest
socials:
    - label: Telegram
      url: https://t.me/fossmindful
    - label: Instagram
      url: https://www.instagram.com/lasthopedevelopers
---
